src/pages/usageAndDeployment/toc.md, before:

# Standard Specification

In this section we will walk you through the process of deploying the collection contract, Minting , transferring, burning and upgrading the Nfts using tools like `locklift` and `everscale-inpage-provider`.

**Here you can find the mentioned topics in this section.**
<div class="sections-container">
  <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/prerequisites.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Prerequisites</span>
   </a>
  </div>
  <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/deployingCollection.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Deploying Collection</span>
   </a>
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/mintingNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Minting Nft</span>
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/findingNftByIndexes.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Find Nft by Indexes</span>
    </a>
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/transferringNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Transferring Nfts</span>
    </a>
  </div>
    <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/burningNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Burning Nfts</span>
    </a>
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/upgradeableNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Upgradeable Nft</span>
    </a>
</div>
</div>

<style>
.bridge-section-row {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  justify-content: space-between;
  margin : 10px;
}

.sections-container a{
    flex : 1;
}
.bridge-section {
  background-color: var(--vp-c-bg-mute);
  transition: background-color 0.1s;
  width : 98%;
  display: flex;
  padding: 1rem 0 1rem 10px;
  border: 1px solid var(--vp-c-divider);
  border-radius: 8px;
  font-weight: 600;
  font-size: 16px;
  text-align: left;
  margin-bottom: 0.5rem;
  cursor: pointer;;

}
</style>

Commit message:

burning nft code samples updated, code smaple usage instructions added

src/pages/usageAndDeployment/toc.md, after:

# Standard Specification

In this section we will walk you through the process of deploying the collection contract, Minting , transferring, burning and upgrading the Nfts using tools like `locklift` and `everscale-inpage-provider`.

::: tip
The code samples presented in this section have been developed using tools such as  `locklift`  and  `everscale-inpage-provider` . Each code sample within a section is designed as a continuation of the previous one. Consequently, when adding new code samples, it is necessary to append them to the end of the previous script, just before the closing bracket of the  `main`  function.
:::

**Here you can find the mentioned topics in this section.**
<div class="sections-container">
  <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/prerequisites.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Prerequisites</span>
   </a>
  </div>
  <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/deployingCollection.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Deploying Collection</span>
   </a>
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/mintingNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Minting Nft</span>
    </a>
  </div>
  <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/findingNftByIndexes.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Find Nft by Indexes</span>
    </a>
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/transferringNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Transferring Nfts</span>
    </a>
  </div>
    <div class="bridge-section-row">
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/burningNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Burning Nfts</span>
    </a>
    <a href="/usageAndDeployment/upgradeableNft.html">
      <span class="bridge-section">Upgradeable Nft</span>
    </a>
</div>
</div>

<style>
.bridge-section-row {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  justify-content: space-between;
  margin : 10px;
}

.sections-container a{
    flex : 1;
}
.bridge-section {
  background-color: var(--vp-c-bg-mute);
  transition: background-color 0.1s;
  width : 98%;
  display: flex;
  padding: 1rem 0 1rem 10px;
  border: 1px solid var(--vp-c-divider);
  border-radius: 8px;
  font-weight: 600;
  font-size: 16px;
  text-align: left;
  margin-bottom: 0.5rem;
  cursor: pointer;;

}
</style>
