# TIP-4_3 ( Non-Fungible Token on-chain indexes)

Requires: [TIP-4.1](41.md)\
Requires: [TIP-6.1](./6.md)

## Overview
Using the Index contract code, you can find all your NFT with one dApp query to the desired network graphql endpoint.
This makes blockchain application less dependent on different off-chain parsers and indexers

On-chain Indexes solves easy and fast searching any data in blockchain.
This document shows standard for basic query.
Any developer can get an idea of this solution and realize his own on-chain index.

## Motivation
A standard interface allows search all Collections and all NFT by owner address using the base dApp functionality.

## Contract Specification

The third part of the standard contains following contracts to perform the the on-chain indexing:

- [`TIP-4_3Collection`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/TIP4_3Collection.tsol)
- [`TIP-4_3NFT`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/TIP4_3NFT.tsol)
- [`IndexBasis`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/IndexBasis.tsol)
- [`Index`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/Index.tsol)

### TIP-4_3Collection

Beside the previously described functionalities of the TIP-4Collection contract, This contract will handle the storing the `index` and `indexBasis` contracts basic information such as code and code hash and building their initial data required for deployment although, it will not handle deploying them both, it only deploys the `indexBasis` contract through it's constructor.

### TIP4_3NFT

TIP-4_3NFT contract is also containing the added functionalities to the `TIP-4_3Collection` but also handles the deploying, fetching and deleting the `index` contract.

### Index

The index contract is deployed by the nft contract because the there is one index contract per each nft contract.
The index contract will have a specific code hash based on it's associated collection and owner.

This contract will helps find all user tokens in current collection using **owner address** and **collection address**.

### IndexBasis

contract, that helps to find all collections by the **code hash** of which.
The index basis contract also has a specific code hash based on the word `"nft"`, using this unique property we will be able to find all of the nft collection contracts, accordingly we can iterate through all of the founded collections and use the index contract functionality to see if the user has any nft contracts of that collection or not.



::: warning

- **Code** of `IndexBasis` and `Index` contracts and **code hash** of contracts is fixed and **CANNOT BE CHANGED** before deployment.
after they are deployed the `Index` contract code hash can be changed based on the mentioned parameters on the index contract specification part.

- **Code hash** of `IndexBasis` compiled by [TVMCompiler](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/tree/a222452e27aacff14fdf2fff356542843a2a8d1c) `v0.58.2` and [TVM-linker](https://github.com/tonlabs/TVM-linker/tree/740f9f62a4e68c9f515667c109b116f265942d72) `v0.14.51` without salting is `2359f897c9527073b1c95140c670089aa5ab825f5fd1bd453db803fbab47def2`

- **Code hash** of `Index` compiled by [TVMCompiler](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/tree/a222452e27aacff14fdf2fff356542843a2a8d1c) `v0.58.2` and [TVM-linker](https://github.com/tonlabs/TVM-linker/tree/740f9f62a4e68c9f515667c109b116f265942d72) `v0.14.51` without salting is `61e5f39a693dc133ea8faf3e80fac069250161b0bced3790c20ae234ce6fd866`

:::

## Salting
The `salting` operation is when we grab some special and unique value that we desire and use them to build a new code for a contract.

The workflow is followed by the steps below:

1. storing the slat values into a [TvmBuilder](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmbuilder) type variable using [TvmBuilder.store()](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmbuilderstore) instruction.

2. building the new code for the contract using the old contract code and the salted values stored in the TvmBuilder using [tvm.setCodeSalt()](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmsetcodesalt) instruction.

We can generate the new and specific code hash for the newly built code and use that to query the blockchain data using off-chain tools like [locklift](https://docs.locklift.io/) or [everscale-inpage-provider](https://provider-docs.broxus.com/).

## Query Example

```graphql
query {
  accounts(
    filter: {
      code_hash: {
        eq: "207dc560c5956de1a2c1479356f8f3ee70a59767db2bf4788b1d61ad42cdad82"
      }
    }
  ){
    id
  }
}
```

Part of response example
```json
{
  "data": {
    "accounts": [
      {
        "id": "0:000001b0422f6a7069786fa9a27aa7bb8042f58e1df01dfebc51dcb2baa5eeae"
      },
      {
        "id": "0:00022772794253c1bf8cb4fa59d6161d574033c13d881f3eea14675b911e61b0"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Visualization

### Legend

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/legend1.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### `IndexBasis` deployment for `Collection`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index1.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### `Index` contracts deployment for `NFT`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index2.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### Redeploy `Index` contracts after `changeOwner`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index3.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

<script lang="ts" >
import { defineComponent, ref, onMounted } from "vue";
import ImgContainer from "../../.vitepress/theme/components/shared/BKDImgContainer.vue"

export default defineComponent({
  name: "Diagrams",
  components :{
    ImgContainer
  },
  setup() {
    return {
    };
  },
});

</script>