docs/specifications/43.md, before:

# TIP-4_3 ( Non-Fungible Token on-chain indexes)

Requires: [TIP-4.1](41.md)\
Requires: [TIP-6.1](./6.md)

## Overview
Using the Index contract code, you can find all your NFT with one dApp query to the desired network graphql endpoint.
This makes blockchain application less dependent on different off-chain parsers and indexers

On-chain Indexes solves easy and fast searching any data in blockchain.
This document shows standard for basic query.
Any developer can get an idea of this solution and realize his own on-chain index.

## Motivation
A standard interface allows search all Collections and all NFT by owner address using the base dApp functionality.

## Contract Specification

The third part of the standard contains following contracts to perform the the on-chain indexing:

- [`TIP-4_3Collection`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/TIP4_3Collection.tsol)
- [`TIP-4_3NFT`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/TIP4_3NFT.tsol)
- [`IndexBasis`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/IndexBasis.tsol)
- [`Index`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/Index.tsol)

### TIP-4_3Collection

Beside the previously described functionalities of the TIP-4Collection contract, This contract will handle the storing the `index` and `indexBasis` contracts basic information such as code and code hash and building their initial data required for deployment although, it will not handle deploying them both, it only deploys the `indexBasis` contract through it's constructor.

### TIP4_3NFT

TIP-4_3NFT contract is also containing the added functionalities to the `TIP-4_3Collection` but also handles the deploying, fetching and deleting the `index` contract.

### Index

The index contract is deployed by the nft contract because the there is two index contracts per each nft contract.
Each index contract will have a specific code hash based on it's associated collection and owner.
In one of the index contracts address zero is passed as the collection address and in the other one the actual collection address is utilized.

This contract will helps find all user tokens in current collection using **owner address** and **collection address**.

### IndexBasis

contract, that helps to find all collections by the **code hash** of which.
The index basis contract also has a specific code hash based on the word `"nft"`, using this unique property we will be able to find all of the nft collection contracts, accordingly we can iterate through all of the founded collections and use the index contract functionality to see if the user has any nft contracts of that collection or not.



::: warning

- **Code** of `IndexBasis` and `Index` contracts and **code hash** of contracts is fixed and **CANNOT BE CHANGED** before deployment.
after they are deployed the `Index` contract code hash can be changed based on the mentioned parameters on the index contract specification part.

- **Code hash** of `IndexBasis` compiled by [TVMCompiler](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/tree/a222452e27aacff14fdf2fff356542843a2a8d1c) `v0.58.2` and [TVM-linker](https://github.com/tonlabs/TVM-linker/tree/740f9f62a4e68c9f515667c109b116f265942d72) `v0.14.51` without salting is `2359f897c9527073b1c95140c670089aa5ab825f5fd1bd453db803fbab47def2`

- **Code hash** of `Index` compiled by [TVMCompiler](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/tree/a222452e27aacff14fdf2fff356542843a2a8d1c) `v0.58.2` and [TVM-linker](https://github.com/tonlabs/TVM-linker/tree/740f9f62a4e68c9f515667c109b116f265942d72) `v0.14.51` without salting is `61e5f39a693dc133ea8faf3e80fac069250161b0bced3790c20ae234ce6fd866`

:::

## Salting
The `salting` operation is when we grab some special and unique value that we desire and use them to build a new code for a contract.

The workflow is followed by the steps below:

1. storing the slat values into a [TvmBuilder](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmbuilder) type variable using [TvmBuilder.store()](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmbuilderstore) instruction.

2. building the new code for the contract using the old contract code and the salted values stored in the TvmBuilder using [tvm.setCodeSalt()](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmsetcodesalt) instruction.

We can generate the new and specific code hash for the newly built code and use that to query the blockchain data using off-chain tools like [locklift](https://docs.locklift.io/) or [everscale-inpage-provider](https://provider-docs.broxus.com/).


## Query Example

```graphql
query {
  accounts(
    filter: {
      code_hash: {
        eq: "207dc560c5956de1a2c1479356f8f3ee70a59767db2bf4788b1d61ad42cdad82"
      }
    }
  ){
    id
  }
}
```

Part of response example
```json
{
  "data": {
    "accounts": [
      {
        "id": "0:000001b0422f6a7069786fa9a27aa7bb8042f58e1df01dfebc51dcb2baa5eeae"
      },
      {
        "id": "0:00022772794253c1bf8cb4fa59d6161d574033c13d881f3eea14675b911e61b0"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Visualization

### Legend

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/legend1.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### `IndexBasis` deployment for `Collection`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index1.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### `Index` contracts deployment for `NFT`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index2.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### Redeploy `Index` contracts after `changeOwner`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index3.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

<script lang="ts" >
import { defineComponent, ref, onMounted } from "vue";
import ImgContainer from "../../.vitepress/theme/components/shared/BKDImgContainer.vue"

export default defineComponent({
  name: "Diagrams",
  components :{
    ImgContainer
  },
  setup() {
    return {
    };
  },
});

</script>

Commit message:

specification section grammar mistakes fixed and content reviwed

docs/specifications/43.md, after:

# TIP-4_3 ( Non-Fungible Token on-chain indexes)

Requires: [TIP-4.1](41.md)\
Requires: [TIP-6.1](./6.md)

## Overview
Using the `Index` contract code hash, you can find all your NFTs with one simple dApp query to the desired network graphql endpoint.
This makes blockchain application less dependent on different off-chain parsers and indexers

On-chain Indexes solves easy and fast searching any data in blockchain.
This document shows standard for basic query.
Any developer can get an idea of this solution and realize his own on-chain index.

## Motivation
A standard interface allows search all Collections and all NFT by owner address using the base dApp functionality.

## Contract Specification

The third part of the standard contains following contracts to perform the the on-chain indexing:

- [`TIP-4_3Collection`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/TIP4_3Collection.tsol)
- [`TIP-4_3NFT`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/TIP4_3NFT.tsol)
- [`IndexBasis`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/IndexBasis.tsol)
- [`Index`](https://github.com/broxus/tip4/tree/master/contracts/TIP4_3/Index.tsol)

### TIP-4_3Collection

Beside the previously described functionalities of the TIP-4Collection contract, This contract will handle the storing the `Index` and `indexBasis` contracts basic information such as code and code hash and building their initial data required for deployment although, it will not handle deploying them both, it only handles the process of deploying and destructing the `indexBasis` contract.

### TIP4_3NFT

TIP-4_3NFT contract is also containing the added functionalities to the `TIP-4_3Collection` but also handles the deploying, fetching and deleting the `Index` contract.

### Index

The  `Index`  contracts are deployed by the NFT contract, with two  `Index`  contracts deployed per each NFT contract.
Each  `Index`  contract will have a specific code hash based on its associated collection and owner.

The `Index` contracts code hashes are generated from its salted code with the following salting params:
- The word "nft"
- The owner address of the nft
- The collection address associated with the nft contract

In one of the  `Index`  contracts, the  `zero address`  is passed as the collection address, while the other one utilizes the actual  `collection address`.

Utilizing one of the `Index` contracts code hash we are able to find all of the nft by the owner and we can find only the nfts associated with a specific collection when using the other one.


### IndexBasis

contract, that helps to find all collections by the **code hash** of which.
The index basis contract also has a specific code hash based on the word `"nft"`, using this unique property we will be able to find all of the nft collection contracts.

::: warning

- **Code** of `IndexBasis` and `Index` contracts and **code hash** of contracts is fixed and **CANNOT BE CHANGED** before deployment.
after they are deployed, their code hashes can be changed based on the mentioned salting parameters.

- **Code hash** of `IndexBasis` compiled by [TVMCompiler](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/tree/a222452e27aacff14fdf2fff356542843a2a8d1c) `v0.58.2` and [TVM-linker](https://github.com/tonlabs/TVM-linker/tree/740f9f62a4e68c9f515667c109b116f265942d72) `v0.14.51` without salting is `2359f897c9527073b1c95140c670089aa5ab825f5fd1bd453db803fbab47def2`

- **Code hash** of `Index` compiled by [TVMCompiler](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/tree/a222452e27aacff14fdf2fff356542843a2a8d1c) `v0.58.2` and [TVM-linker](https://github.com/tonlabs/TVM-linker/tree/740f9f62a4e68c9f515667c109b116f265942d72) `v0.14.51` without salting is `61e5f39a693dc133ea8faf3e80fac069250161b0bced3790c20ae234ce6fd866`

:::

## Salting
The `salting` operation is when we grab some special and unique value that we desire and integrate them into the current contract code to build a new code for a contract.

The workflow is followed by the steps below:

1. storing the slat values into a [TvmBuilder](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmbuilder) type variable using [TvmBuilder.store()](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmbuilderstore) instruction.

2. building the new code for the contract using the old contract code and the salted values stored in the TvmBuilder using [tvm.setCodeSalt()](https://github.com/tonlabs/TON-Solidity-Compiler/blob/master/API.md#tvmsetcodesalt) instruction.

We can generate the new and specific code hash for the newly built code and use that to query the blockchain data using off-chain tools like [locklift](https://docs.locklift.io/) or [everscale-inpage-provider](https://provider-docs.broxus.com/).


## Query Example

```graphql
query {
  accounts(
    filter: {
      code_hash: {
        eq: "207dc560c5956de1a2c1479356f8f3ee70a59767db2bf4788b1d61ad42cdad82"
      }
    }
  ){
    id
  }
}
```

Part of response example
```json
{
  "data": {
    "accounts": [
      {
        "id": "0:000001b0422f6a7069786fa9a27aa7bb8042f58e1df01dfebc51dcb2baa5eeae"
      },
      {
        "id": "0:00022772794253c1bf8cb4fa59d6161d574033c13d881f3eea14675b911e61b0"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Visualization

### Legend

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/legend1.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### `IndexBasis` deployment for `Collection`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index1.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### `Index` contracts deployment for `NFT`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index2.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

### Redeploy `Index` contracts after `changeOwner`

<br/>
<ImgContainer src= '/img/index3.svg' width="100%" altText="deployAccountOutput"/>

<script lang="ts" >
import { defineComponent, ref, onMounted } from "vue";
import ImgContainer from "../../.vitepress/theme/components/shared/BKDImgContainer.vue"

export default defineComponent({
  name: "Diagrams",
  components :{
    ImgContainer
  },
  setup() {
    return {
    };
  },
});

</script>
